Hello friends, how are you all?
Welcome to our channel Duniyadari
Idea For Life. Friends, in today's video
I will tell you how you can
download ICICI Lombard General Insurance Policy online
in just one minute. Friends, you
can download General Insurance easily in just one minute.
I am going to tell you in just one minute.
If you have come to our channel for the first time, then
please subscribe to our channel
and press this bell icon so that you can
subscribe to us. So friends, let's start
with this video. Friends, you have to
go to your desktop mobile browser and
type
Lombard Customer support there. You have to enter it.
After entering, now see friends, the
first search that comes up, you will see here
Customer support ICICI
Lombard. You have to click on it and go ahead.
[Music]
Hello friends, after clicking on it, a
direct page will open.
From here we have to proceed to download the policy. So,
friends, some
boxes are visible here in which many
service requests are given, but when you
go, the third one that is visible to you, it has the
request policy.  If you want to download a hard copy
policy, then
we will click on it and proceed further. After going further,
see friends, the cell phone
opens directly.
Look, it is given below, you will see the service request
complaint type, in this the policy which is
shown as frequent, let it be scheduled.
After that, whatever general policy you want to download,
for example, if I want to download a motor policy,
I want vehicle policy,
insurance for vehicles, so look,
here I will click on option 'motor',
you can select whatever general
insurance you want to download,
so I
selected motor, I saw that friends,
in this type test, the request is
written, friends, let it
remain as it is, see, it is written next in big,
we have to click on it and proceed further.
After this, you will see two options
friends, but I am telling you, the
first option is click here,
add online account and printer policy now, this
is the best option friends, so I have always
matured, so
I have shared this
[music],
click on this, see friends, the
login page has come up.  Now let me tell you that in
this, whoever has an email ID and password, has a
login ID, they can easily log in and
proceed further. If those who have to
login for the first time, and let me tell you one more important thing,
friends, it is
not necessary that you have any ICICI Lombard
policy, only then your ID will be
logged in. If you want to download the policy of any relative or
yourself or even of any friend, then
you
can open an online account in it. Okay friend, it
is quite easy in this, see below it is written 'Don't have
an account', if you are not registered then you have to
register, then you have to click on it,
click and see how simple the
process is, friends, first you will get the
title here, whether it is Mr. or Mrs. Saif or you have some
business or MMS, like
I typed Mr., after that,
friends, you have to enter the name here, that
I have entered, after that you have to
enter a simple mobile number
and after that, friends, you have to register with your email ID,
enter the email ID here, this is demo, I am telling you,
this is not in real, you have to enter the email ID,
you have to enter the date of birth.
After this enter your date of birth easily,
after that see friends, here you can enter
whatever password you want which suits you, which
you will remember, you do not have to share,
you are entering that password here, the
second option is friends confirm
password and here you have to confirm the same password,
after that see below there is a box in
it is written I am here and
knowledge and accept the terms and conditions
option, you can read the condition if you have time,
otherwise you can tick on it,
after clicking friends you will be on register here,
after clicking on it friends
your login ID will be created, see
how easy it is, after this what you have to do
friends, after login ID is created
you have to log in on this page, do it
[music]
see this friends I have entered my ID and
password and then I will login,
I have clicked on the login button,
see friends you do
not need to enter any personal details here, now if you
look here you will see, all the options are
visible here, you can see here the last
option is Tiger Policy, so here  But the
policy will be given, you have to click on it
and see here the page has opened from where
I will take you the download option, I will
tell you the search policy given here friends,
in this you have to download the policy of whichever vehicle you want
like whichever model
like four wheeler, road, two wheeler, whether it is
good care in winter liability, passenger
caring, mental ability, all 2 wheeler
liability policy for blood, whatever you want to
download, you have to select its option and
proceed further, so as I am telling you, you have to
download the policy of two wheeler, so
I have clicked on two wheeler here,
after clicking on two wheeler, you have to check whether it is a
new wagon or a world cycle,
so support, like mine is absolutely old,
I mean I have it for two to three years,
so I have selected it yesterday,
you will get the criteria for that and friends, the
most important thing in this is that it is not necessary that you should have this
policy number, if you have it,
friends, if you do not have the policy number, then if
you do not have the engine number, if
you do not have the chassis number, then
your registered mobile number means
whose policy number is  If you are going to download it,
if its registered number is a registered mobile
number, then this policy can also be downloaded from that, except sir,
okay friends, so like
I already have a policy number, so
I have taken the policy
number from the policy number, I have to put a tilak here, I will
type the policy number
and after that the second criteria, as
I told you that the engine number, chassis number,
registered mobile number, so the
first criteria which you select here, if
you select it already, its two options will be
removed in the select criteria, so the
3 options that will be left, as there were four in it, then
you will type the engine number, chassis number, registered
mobile number, so like my messenger number, then
I will type the engine number,
see I am entering the engine number in it,
after this you have to click on the search button which is visible,
click on it, see friends, here
you can see that the details of the policy number which I have to
enter have come, customer
name, RTO location, model name, vehicle model,
manufacturing name,
when was the policy start date, whatever it is,
after that see what you have to do  The
option was visible below, the option was visible, back
and continue to receive, so I will do it,
I have clicked on it,
see friends, our policy has been downloaded,
so you can verify it here,
you can check it, by scrolling all the
policy pages can be
downloaded, friends, see this, I am
showing you the main copy of the policy, so see
friends, it is so easy, you have to
download the policy of Chalun Baat like this,
friends, how did you like the video,
if you liked it, then friends, do
not forget to like, share and comment, I will meet you again
friends with a new video, hello.